Test
Rough Draft of the Story of Solara
After writing this I'm thinking of changing the story to first person, and the story is told in a journal fashion. Let me know what you think.

Intro Story -

You are Neal, already a hero of the ages.
While exploring the galaxy for signs of life, a strange yellow object in the distance gathered your attention.
As you draw closer, you become more and more infatuated with the object.
You soon realize that this object is actually a planet, emanating a glorious light that simply marvels you.
You have just now made your greatest discovery.

SOLARA

Suddenly, a number of questions rise from deep within you.
What IS Solara? 
Why does it peak your interest beyond anything else you have encountered on your countless adventures?
And most importantly, why can't you turn away?
Your desire for Solara has soared beyond all concern for your own safety, and you approach the planet.
As you approach the planet consists of mostly uninhabitly regions (water? desert? It all depends on whats on the edge of our maps)
except for 4 islands. 
You are drawn to the north island, however as you approach you are repelled by an unknown force similar to a magnet.
After numerous attempts you realize you will not be able to reach the north island yet.
You now have a decision to make, which of the three islands will you go to.
The first you see is a blue island to the west.
Next is a green island to the south.
Finally you see a red island to the east. 
Make your decision, which island will you explore first?

Defeat First Boss -

You have have learned more about Solara throughout your exploration of the first island.
The native frogs appear to be terribly aggressive. 
A number of enemies appear to be prohibiting you from reaching the guardian of the island. 
Once you reached the guardian of the first island, you had a difficult time disposing of him. 
The guardian left you with a number of gifts after you defeated him.
First was information concerning what Solara is. 
Next appeared to be a piece of some sort of artifiact, which appears to have some magnetic properties. 
Finally, you appear to have grown in power yourself, and you now have an ability that you did not have before.
Now even more confident in yourself, you decide to head to one of the other two islands to get closer to Solara.

Defeat Second Boss - 
 
This island had the same native frogs as the other, but the enemies were of a different kind than before.
You have now defeated the second guradian of Solara.
He, too, has left you with even more of the gifts that the first guradian gave you. 
Growing ever confident in your quest for Solara, you head toward the final island. 

Defeat Third Boss -

You have defeated the final island guardian of Solara.
You have now acquired all three pieces of the magnetic arifact, and are now more powerful than ever before with the abilities granted to you by the island guardians.
You decide to immediately head toward the final north island. 
With the artifact in hand, you pass directly through the barrier that previously kept you from the north island. 
As you approach the island you notice a large temple located in the direct center of the island. 
You land your ship and enter the temple, the adrenaline pumping through you as you pass through the doors. 

Defeat Sean -
Ah, bollocks you have defeated me, Sean the guardian of the eastern isle. 
Now that I know you are truly deserving, I will aid you on your quest to Solara. 
Firstly, I give you a piece of a an artifact I have been holding on to for years.
Next, I grant you with the power of the fire of the east. Press the 1 key to tap into the power.
Finally, I'll let you know that the power you are seeking from Solara should be more familiar to you than you know.
Good luck. 

Defeat Brad - 
Poop. You got me, Brad, guardian of the south.
Well, I suppose I can lend you my aid on your journey. 
Here, take this piece of artifact, it is sure to be pivotal to you. 
Now take my power, the power of <INSERT BRADS POWER HERE>. Utilize the 2 key to use it. 
Here is my piece of advice, stay true to yourself and you will find Solara.

Defeat Mike - 
RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE RAGE. I can't believe you beat me, Mike, the guardian of the west. 
I guess I can give you the three gifts I'm supposed to. 
Here take the piece of the artifact. 
And now, here's the power of rage. Use the 3 key to unleash your inner rage magic. 
And I'll tell you this. Solara is essential, it will become a part of you like nothing else. 

Enter Sneal - 
BWAHAHAHAHAHA. Welcome to you doom, Neal!
I am.. YOU! I am SHADOW NEAL! The final guardian of Solara. 
Now prepare yourself for your ultimate demise.

Defeat Sneal and Finale - 
HA.. hehe.. huehuehue.
You don't realize what you've done do you?
I am you. You are me. And you've defeated me. You do realize what this means right? 
HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAH! This means.. this means.. that you...

But then Sneal keeled over, dead before he could reveal the truth to you. You begin to feel the temple shake violently around you. 
Rather than trying to escape the temple, you descend even farther. Faster and faster you go, as the temple starts shaking more and more violently.
Finally you burst into the final room in the center of the temple. You look toward the center and see something absolutely incredible.
It is a fully golden statue of.. yourself. And as you focus more on the statue you see the source of the light that initially drew you into Solara right on the forehead of the statue of yourself.
At this point the temple is crumbling around you, large columns nearly hitting you at every turn, yet you remain calm. 
You begin to sprint towards the light on top of the statue, you get closer and closer and finally you jump and are completely surrounded in the blinding light and then.. 
RETURN TO TITLE SCREEN (SOLARA)
